 root ────────────────────┬───────────────────────┐                       
  ├──── child0            └─── child1             └─── one
  │   ├── grandchild0          ├── grandchild1         └── two
  │   │   ├── carrot0          │   └── carrot3             ├── three
  │   │   │   └── banana0      │       └── banana3         │   ├── four
  │   │   └── bob              ├── grandchild1             │   │   └── five
  │   ├── grandchild0          │   └── carrot4             │   └── banana6
  │   │   └── carrot1          │       └── banana4         └── carrot6
  │   │       └── banana1      └── grandchild1                 └── banana7
  │   └── grandchild0              └── carrot5
  │       └── carrot2                  └── banana5
  │           └── banana2
  │
  └─── child1             
      ├── grandchild1     
      │   └── carrot3     
      │       └── banana3 
      ├── grandchild1     
      │   └── carrot4     
      │       └── banana4 
      └── grandchild1     
          └── carrot5
              └── banana5 
   
   
   
   
   
   

padding: '   '
depth: 1
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: false
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    '
contents: 'child0'

padding: '   '
depth: 1
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: false
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    '
contents: 'child1'

padding: '   '
depth: 1
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: false
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    '
contents: 'one'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild0'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild0'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild0'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    │   │   '
contents: 'carrot0'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │   '
contents: 'bob'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │   │   '
contents: 'banana0'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │   '
contents: 'carrot1'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │       '
contents: 'banana1'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │       '
contents: 'carrot2'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │           '
contents: 'banana2'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild1'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild1'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   '
contents: 'grandchild1'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │   '
contents: 'carrot3'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │       '
contents: 'banana3'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │   '
contents: 'carrot4'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │   │       '
contents: 'banana4'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │       '
contents: 'carrot5'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '    │           '
contents: 'banana5'

padding: '   '
depth: 2
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '        '
contents: 'two'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '            '
contents: 'three'

padding: '   '
depth: 3
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '            '
contents: 'carrot6'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: false
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '├── '
prefix: '            │   '
contents: 'four'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '            │   '
contents: 'banana6'

padding: '   '
depth: 5
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: false
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '            │   │   '
contents: 'five'

padding: '   '
depth: 4
amLastSibling: true
amSibling: true
parentIsSibling: true
parentIsLastSibling: true
decorator: '└── '
prefix: '                '
contents: 'banana7'

